---
name: cloud-provider

packages:
- pid_utils

provides:
- name: cloud-provider
  type: cloud-provider
  properties:
  - cloud-provider.type
  - cloud-provider.aws.access_key_id
  - cloud-provider.aws.secret_access_key
  - cloud-provider.gce.network-name
  - cloud-provider.gce.project-id
  - cloud-provider.gce.service_key
  - cloud-provider.gce.worker-node-tag
  - cloud-provider.openstack.auth-url
  - cloud-provider.openstack.bs-version
  - cloud-provider.openstack.ca-file
  - cloud-provider.openstack.domain-id
  - cloud-provider.openstack.domain-name
  - cloud-provider.openstack.ignore-volume-az
  - cloud-provider.openstack.password
  - cloud-provider.openstack.region
  - cloud-provider.openstack.tenant-id
  - cloud-provider.openstack.tenant-name
  - cloud-provider.openstack.trust-device-path
  - cloud-provider.openstack.trust-id
  - cloud-provider.openstack.username
  - cloud-provider.vsphere.datacenter
  - cloud-provider.vsphere.datastore
  - cloud-provider.vsphere.insecure-flag
  - cloud-provider.vsphere.password
  - cloud-provider.vsphere.port
  - cloud-provider.vsphere.scsicontrollertype
  - cloud-provider.vsphere.server
  - cloud-provider.vsphere.user
  - cloud-provider.vsphere.vm-uuid
  - cloud-provider.vsphere.working-dir

properties:
  cloud-provider.type:
    description: "Type of Cloud Provider to use"
    example: gce, vsphere, openstack

  # AWS specific properties
  cloud-provider.aws.access_key_id:
    description: AWS access key ID that is used by cloud-provider.
  cloud-provider.gce.secret_access_key:
    description: AWS secret access key that is used by cloud-provider.

  # GCE specific properties
  cloud-provider.gce.project-id:
    description: Google Cloud project id. Required when cloud-provider.type is gce
  cloud-provider.gce.network-name:
    description: Google Cloud network name. Required when cloud-provider.type is gce
  cloud-provider.gce.worker-node-tag:
    description: Google Cloud tag that identifies only worker nodes in this deployment.
  cloud-provider.gce.service_key:
    description: Google Cloud service key that is used by cloud-provider.

  # vSphere specific properties
  cloud-provider.vsphere.user:
    description: User name for vCenter
  cloud-provider.vsphere.password:
    description: Password for vCenter
  cloud-provider.vsphere.server:
    description: IP/URL for vCenter
  cloud-provider.vsphere.port:
    description: Default 443 for vCenter
    default: 443
  cloud-provider.vsphere.insecure-flag:
    description: set to 1 if the host above uses a self-signed cert
    default: 0
  cloud-provider.vsphere.datacenter:
    description: Datacenter to be used
  cloud-provider.vsphere.datastore:
    description: Datastore to use for provisioning volumes using storage classes/dynamic provisioning
  cloud-provider.vsphere.working-dir:
    description: Folder in which VMs are provisioned
  cloud-provider.vsphere.vm-uuid:
    description: VM Instance UUID of virtual machine which can be retrieved from instanceUuid property in VmConfigInfo, or also set as vc.uuid in VMX file. If empty, will be retrieved from sysfs (requires root)
  cloud-provider.vsphere.scsicontrollertype:
    description: vSphere vSCSI adapter type name
    default: pvscsi

  # OpenStack specific properties
  cloud-provider.openstack.auth-url:
    description: The URL of the keystone API used to authenticate.
  cloud-provider.openstack.username:
    description: Refers to the username of a valid user set in keystone.
  cloud-provider.openstack.password:
    description: Refers to the password of a valid user set in keystone.
  cloud-provider.openstack.tenant-id:
    description: Used to specify the id of the project where you want to create your resources.
  cloud-provider.openstack.tenant-name:
    description: Used to specify the name of the project where you want to create your resources (Optional).
    default: ''
  cloud-provider.openstack.trust-id:
    description: Used to specify the identifier of the trust to use for authorization (Optional).
    default: ''
  cloud-provider.openstack.domain-id:
    description: Used to specify the id of the domain your user belongs to (Optional).
    default: ''
  cloud-provider.openstack.domain-name:
    description: Used to specify the name of the domain your user belongs to (Optional).
    default: ''
  cloud-provider.openstack.region:
    description: Used to specify the identifier of the region to use when running on a multi-region OpenStack cloud (Optional).
    default: ''
  cloud-provider.openstack.ca-file:
    description: CA file to connect to your OpenStack cluster (Optional).
  cloud-provider.openstack.bs-version:
    description: Block-storage version. Valid values are v1, v2, v3 and auto. Default to auto (Optional).
    default: auto
  cloud-provider.openstack.trust-device-path:
    description: By default block device names provided by Cinder (e.g. /dev/vda) can not be trusted. True toggle this behavior (Optional).
    default: false
  cloud-provider.openstack.ignore-volume-az:
    description: When Nova and Cinder have different availability zones, this should be set to true. Default to false (Optional).
    default: false
